so here's the door that I'll put the
patch in that bottom corner here I'm
just finishing out the top part here
where the steel is all scaled up around
this area here so what I'm gonna do is
obviously cut this out but I'm going to
press some steel in this steel tube so
basically this is the correct diameter
as you can see pour that curvature in
the door there so it's just a matter of
me cutting out some flat still now and
pressing this down on top of the steel
to get that shape so that's what I'm
gonna do now and see how it fits in
there so here's my first patch that's
going on then I'm gonna put that
curvature in - so that piece of pipe
that I've just shown you earlier is
where around this came from basically
I've just cut a piece off the end here
and I've cut a cross section off so this
is pretty much acting there's a molder
you can see so it's just a matter of me
grabbing the opposite side such as the
other piece of pipe over the top of that
metal I'm just crushing it and in a vise
and that gives me that perfect shape to
fit into that door
so that's pretty well squashed in there
and that's gonna be the shape of that
pipe which is about 40 mil diameter
which is roughly what that that shape
inside the impaler's door is so here's
all those patches that I've cut out
there's the curved piece of metal there
that fits nicely second piece there I've
got a couple little smaller ones on the
side and this is just a replace this guy
with metal then of course this corner
piece bottom here so now it's just time
to cut all this out and put these in so
there's all the patch panels gone in one
of the corners in place and this long
rule that scaled up still it's gone in
there now next thing I've got to do now
what I found is stripping back the paint
on this there's all these little holes
here across the skin and it's basically
when someone's put a dent fall in there
and pull it out for some dents so I can
see the creases coming along the skin
here so I've got a goat of all the putty
that's in those holes and weld all these
holes up so here's the back side of that
door pretty well cleaned up I've just
seen blasted it and still got a wire
will it and just get some of the rubbish
off of it but this is what it exposes
especially when you see him blast all
these little pit holes down here or rust
holes so all that's gonna be repaired
there's quite a bit of work especially
doing the the rear side of a door like
this with all these folds and that sort
of thing and it just takes forever to
clean it out properly but that is almost
there so here is that door that was the
last doll that I worked on this is where
that head patch went right in the corner
here there was another piece that would
got replaced at the top here and a small
piece down the corner there's a lot of
work on this door but I finally got
every single door in this car done as in
bodywork done and that includes the
insides of the doors as well every door
in the car has had body work done to it
the only two doors in fact though I
didn't have to do too much was this
Rorion front door this just had one spot
of rust
and the left hand front door which was
really just stripping paint back and
putting it back in primer this rear door
was probably the worst of a lot this
door here once again had another huge
patch here this whole piece across here
was replaced
there was another section in here this
was that this was a mess this door but
they've all turned out pretty well so
here are the fenders that I've already
done some work on and I'll put them in
an etch primer like this just to protect
them from rusting up before I got back
onto them so I'm now back on them and
what I'm gonna do now is hit them with
some high-build primer now I had to do
some extra bodywork on this fender over
here is pretty hard to see now which is
good but this whole area here was
replaced I put a huge patch in there
then I first to put some body filler
over that and and work that in so that
you can't see it you can see under a
certain shade of light or just look that
up a little you can see through that
light where the body filler was now when
the high-build primer goes over the top
of that and you really want to ever see
any of that
so there are the fenders in three coats
of high build primer now I'm not going
to block seeing this of course this is
pretty much where it's going to stay
until the whole car is put in high build
primer and eventually the whole lot will
all go back together and then all locks
in the hall like waltz on the car doing
this now is I really don't have to worry
about rust coming back through the the
undercoat or anything like that it's in
high-build primer so that is now as good
as sealed
and now I move on to the next parts
you